These are applicable to all humans​
I know.​
I don't know.​
We are inspired by you.​
Dad?​
Sorry.​
WOZWALD​
MUSIC​
Niru Kajitsu​
MOVIE​
WOOMA​
VOCALYuu Miyashita​
The folklore I found at midnight-​
was said to give rise to mermaids in the past​
was said.​
Self-righteous junkies,​
monkeys that crawl towards paparazzi​
It's​
just something ​​woven​ to ​please these guys​
to ​​please these guys​
syug eseht esaelp​​ ot​
That guyー what's his name again?​
He seems to be a bit used to being praised​
Which means-​
ju​
just​
just be​
just be the​
just be the first​
just be the first one​
just be the first one to​
just be the first one to give​
just be the first one to give your​
just be the first one to give your name​
and all your work will be original​
Ho-​
Hoo-​
Hooray!​
If you hate a monk,​
you will even hate his robe​
hate.​
Pseudo-pioneer buddha lamps​
Q.​
quod.​
E.​
erat.​
D.​
demonstrandum.​
Let's turn off the lights-​
No, let's leave them on​
Again and again,​
let's make it the correct answer​
Let's do this on and on​
Then they'll all be mine​
Get sick,​
sick of this.​
You monkey,​
sarsaparilla.​
Roast.​
Leave it there,​
ǝɹǝɥʇ ʇᴉ ǝʌɐǝๅ​
Don't impose​
a contrary image on me​
Ga​
Gathe​
Gathering​
Gathering li​
Gathering like​
Gathering like this,​
scattering​
scattering like that​
And drown yourselves in stagnant happiness?​
Oh breathe,​
without me​
Still trying to flatter people with your fake image?​
Oh I'm sick of this-​
Don't love me​
This livelihood that looks more like a religion,​
I want to escape from it​
A thought is actually half disease, half arrogance-​
diluted by sewage, marinated by lukewarm water,​
sugar​
melted​
into our brains​
Defects​
In-app purchases​
Sale bans​
R​
Rev​
Reve​
Revel​
Revelr​
Revelry​
full of these​
B​
But​
But in​
But in my​
But in my ey​
But in my eyes,​
This looks like nothing but pollution having a tea party​
You're as cautious as those pigeons in the park, huh?​
cautious.​
The value of 'life' decided​
by somebody somewhere​
At your discretion,​
sell them all,​
out and out​
Even though you're told​
Ugh, even though you're told​
not to do so,​
you'll ​​still touch​ the ​sizzling hot iron plate​, right?​
The​
The excuse​
The excuse when​
The excuse when you can't​
The excuse when you can't get​
The excuse when you can't get out of​
The excuse when you can't get out of bedー​
"The bed sheets​
kept on fooling around me"​
These words,​
these words.​
The more you spit them out,​
the more blue the 'truth' becomes​
Now it's​
Now it's become the blatant truth​
Even​
Even if you age,​
your profits have already been carried forward to your next life​
Suspect,​
Su​
Susp​
Suspe​
Suspect,​
Suspect, then rot​
You'll take it serious once you're being watched, huh?​
Revering,​
declaring​
shining awfully bright, like a theme park.​
Once it gets senile,​
love no longer exists​
"Can't we survive without​
living on a belief?"​
Dad?​
?daD​
Sorry.​
¿uᴉɐɓɐ noʎ ǝɹǝʍ oɥʍ ʻʎǝH​
Hey, who were you again?​
He​
He seems​
He seems to​
He seems to be​
He seems to be a bit​
He seems to be a bit used​
He seems to be a bit used to​
He seems to be a bit used to being​
He seems to be a bit used to being dispraised​
Which m​
Which means-​
just be the next one to give your name​
and all your work will be counterfeits​
No​
No pro​
No problem​
If you worship a monk,​
you will even find his robe gorgeous​
Pseudo-pioneer​
cri​
crimes​
"Come here."​
Leave it there, leave it there​
Unanimously settling down in your little havens​
Ga​
Gather​
Gathering​
Gathering li​
Gathering like​
Gathering like this,​
sca​
scatter​
scattering​
scattering li​
scattering like​
scattering like that​
And drown yourselves in complete happiness?​
Oh survive,​
without me​
You long to die, that's why you're unable to die​
Reveal your grief,​
let​
let the​
let the lo​
let the love​
let the love rot​
Give the new adults your signal​
Translation by Mera
Subtitle by Sharp Fangs​
​​